stickers/saints/st_michael/st-michael.mdx, before:

---
title: "St. Michael - Principalities Beware"
description: "St. Michael the Archangel defeating the red dragon with spear - inspired by Ephesians 6:12 spiritual warfare"
tags:
  - saints
  - st-michael
  - archangel
  - protection
  - spiritual-warfare
  - principalities
  - ephesians
liturgicalSeason: "ordinary-time"
feastDay: "September 29"
difficulty: "beginner"
prayerId: "st-michael-prayer"
bibleVerses:
  - "Ephesians 6:12"
  - "Revelation 12:7-9"
  - "Daniel 10:13"
colors: ["black", "white", "red"]
downloadFormats:
  - svg: "./st_michael.svg"
  - pdf: "./20_count_2x2in.pdf"
  - docx: "./20_count_2x2in.docx"
  - png_clear: "./clear-bg.png"
  - png_black_bg: "./black-bg.png"
  - png_white_colorized: "./white-bg-colorized.png"
  - png_mono_black: "./clear-bg-monochromatic-black.png"
  - png_mono_white: "./clear-bg-monochromatic-white.png"
previewImage: "./clear-bg-black-fill-.png"
featured: true
dateAdded: "2025-01-25"
size: "2x2 inches"
printLayout: "20 per sheet"
---

# St. Michael - Principalities Beware

This powerful circular badge design depicts St. Michael the Archangel triumphantly defeating the red dragon with his spear, surrounded by the bold declaration "PRINCIPALITIES BEWARE" with the biblical reference Ephesians 6:12.

## About This Design

The striking black and white design with red accents shows St. Michael in his role as the warrior angel, specifically addressing the "principalities and powers" mentioned in Ephesians 6:12. The circular badge format gives it a military or tactical feel, perfect for those engaged in spiritual warfare.

## Biblical Foundation

**Ephesians 6:12**: _"For we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this age, against spiritual hosts of wickedness in the heavenly places."_

This verse reminds us that our true battle is spiritual, and St. Michael leads the charge against these dark forces.

## Suggested Prayers While Cutting

As you carefully cut around this powerful image, consider praying:

- **The St. Michael Prayer** - calling on his protection
- **Ephesians 6:10-18** - the full armor of God passage
- **Prayers for spiritual strength** in your daily battles
- **Protection prayers** for yourself and loved ones

## Perfect For

- Those facing spiritual attacks or temptation
- Military personnel and first responders
- Anyone needing courage in difficult situations
- Spiritual warfare prayer groups
- Reminders of God's victory over evil

## Available Formats

Choose from multiple printing options including clear background, black background, colorized versions, and monochromatic designs to suit your printing needs.

---

_"Principalities Beware" - A bold reminder that evil has no power over those protected by God_

Commit message:

feat(stickers): Refactor FeaturedStickers to use new StickerCard component
- Create new StickerCard component to standardize sticker display
- Simplify FeaturedStickers carousel by extracting complex rendering logic
- Add modular component for displaying sticker details with consistent layout
- Improve code readability and maintainability by separating concerns
- Prepare for potential reuse of StickerCard across different sections of the site

stickers/saints/st_michael/st-michael.mdx, after:

---
title: "St. Michael - Principalities Beware"
description: "St. Michael the Archangel defeating the red dragon with spear - inspired by Ephesians 6:12 spiritual warfare"
tags:
  - saints
  - st-michael
  - archangel
  - protection
  - spiritual-warfare
  - principalities
  - ephesians
liturgicalSeason: "ordinary-time"
feastDay: "September 29"
difficulty: "beginner"
prayerId: "st-michael-prayer"
bibleVerses:
  - "Ephesians 6:12"
  - "Revelation 12:7-9"
  - "Daniel 10:13"
colors: ["black", "white", "red"]
downloadFormats:
  - svg: "./st_michael.svg"
  - pdf: "./20_count_2x2in.pdf"
  - docx: "./20_count_2x2in.docx"
  - png_clear: "./clear-bg.png"
  - png_black_bg: "./black-bg.png"
  - png_white_colorized: "./white-bg-colorized.png"
  - png_mono_black: "./clear-bg-monochromatic-black.png"
  - png_mono_white: "./clear-bg-monochromatic-white.png"
previewImage: "./clear-bg-black-fill-.png"
featured: true
dateAdded: "2025-01-25"
size: "2x2 inches"
printLayout: "20 per sheet"
---

import StickerDisplayFromFrontmatter from "@site/src/components/StickerDisplayFromFrontmatter";
import StickerPrayers from "@site/src/components/StickerPrayers";

# St. Michael - Principalities Beware

<StickerDisplayFromFrontmatter
  stickerId="saints/st_michael/st-michael"
  imagePath="./clear-bg-black-fill-.png"
  basePath="saints/st_michael"
/>

## About This Image

This circular badge design boldly depicts St. Michael the Archangel conquering the red dragon with his spear, surrounded by the striking declaration "PRINCIPALITIES BEWARE" and the Scripture reference Ephesians 6:12.

Rendered in bold black and white with vivid red accents, the image shows St. Michael in his role as heavenly warrior, confronting the demonic powers described in Scripture:

> For our struggle is not with flesh and blood but with the principalities, with the powers, with the world rulers of this present darkness, with the evil spirits in the heavens.
>
> — Ephesians 6:12 (NABRE)

In Catholic tradition, St. Michael is the defender of God's people and leader of the heavenly hosts against Satan and his fallen angels. His name—Michael, meaning "Who is like God?"—is a cry of victory affirming God's supremacy over all evil.

The motto "Principalities Beware" proclaims that defiance of darkness: a warning to the spiritual powers opposed to God that Christ's victory is complete. St. Michael's defeat of the dragon represents Christ's ultimate triumph over sin and death, and the believer's participation in that triumph through faith, prayer, and perseverance.

The circular badge format gives the design a strong, military character—fitting for those who "put on the armor of God" (Eph 6:11). It serves as both a symbol of courage and a reminder that our true battle is not against human foes, but against the powers of evil—and that in Christ, those powers are already overcome.

## Suggested Prayers While Cutting

<StickerPrayers
  prayerTypes={["protection", "saints"]}
  description="As you carefully cut around this powerful image, consider praying these traditional prayers for protection and strength:"
/>

## Sharing Ideas

- Give to those facing spiritual attacks or temptation
- Share with military personnel and first responders
- Use in spiritual warfare prayer groups
- Include with prayers for courage in difficult situations
- Distribute as reminders of God's victory over evil
