stickers/mary/our-lady-of-grace.mdx, before:

---
title: "Our Lady of Grace with Christ Child"
description: "Mary and Jesus triumphant over the serpent - inspired by the Miraculous Medal tradition"
tags:
  - mary
  - our-lady-of-grace
  - miraculous-medal
  - mother-and-child
  - triumph-over-evil
liturgicalSeason: "ordinary-time"
feastDay: "November 27"
difficulty: "intermediate"
prayerId: "miraculous-medal-prayer"
bibleVerses:
  - "Genesis 3:15"
  - "Luke 1:28"
  - "Revelation 12:1"
colors: ["blue", "white", "gold"]
downloadFormats:
  - svg: "./our-lady-of-grace.svg"
  - pdf: "./8count-2.5in-wide_clear_halo.pdf"
  - pdf_colorized: "./8count-2.5in-wide-colorized.pdf"
  - docx: "./2.5in_wide_clear_halo.docx"
  - docx_colorized: "./8count-2.5in-wide-colorized.docx"
  - png: "./clear-bg-colorized-clear-halos.png"
  - png_alt: "./clear-bg-colorized.png"
previewImage: "./our-lady-of-grace.svg"
featured: true
dateAdded: "2025-01-18"
size: "2.5 inches wide"
printLayout: "8 per sheet"
---

# Our Lady of Grace with Christ Child

This beautiful sticker depicts Our Lady of Grace holding the Christ Child, with the serpent crushed beneath her feet - inspired by the Miraculous Medal tradition and representing Mary's role as Mediatrix of All Graces.

## About This Image

The imagery reflects the Miraculous Medal vision given to St. Catherine Labouré, showing Mary's triumph over evil. The serpent beneath her feet represents the victory over sin, while Jesus gives His blessing, showing the graces that flow through Mary to all who seek her intercession.

## Suggested Prayers While Cutting

As you carefully cut around this sacred image, consider praying:

- **The Miraculous Medal Prayer**
- **The Hail Mary** - reflecting on Mary's purity and grace
- **Prayers for protection** from evil and temptation
- **Thanksgiving** for Mary's "yes" to God's plan

## Available Formats

Choose from several printing options:

- **Clear halo version** - for sticker paper backgrounds with special effects
- **Colorized version** - ready to print in full color
- **Multiple formats** - PDF for best printing, DOCX for editing, PNG for digital use

## Feast Day Connection

Perfect for celebrating the Feast of Our Lady of the Miraculous Medal (November 27) or any time you want to honor Mary's role as Mediatrix of All Graces.

## Sharing Ideas

- Give to expectant mothers as a blessing
- Share during Advent or Marian devotions
- Use in religious education about Mary's special role
- Include with prayers for protection and purity

Commit message:

feat(stickers): Refactor FeaturedStickers to use new StickerCard component
- Create new StickerCard component to standardize sticker display
- Simplify FeaturedStickers carousel by extracting complex rendering logic
- Add modular component for displaying sticker details with consistent layout
- Improve code readability and maintainability by separating concerns
- Prepare for potential reuse of StickerCard across different sections of the site

stickers/mary/our-lady-of-grace.mdx, after:

---
title: "Our Lady of Grace with Christ Child"
description: "Mary’s foot upon the serpent, supported by the Child’s foot upon hers, symbolizes humanity’s victory over evil—won by Christ, shared through His Mother’s faithful cooperation"
tags:
  - mary
  - our-lady-of-grace
  - mother-and-child
  - triumph-over-evil
liturgicalSeason: "ordinary-time"
feastDay: "November 27"
difficulty: "intermediate"
prayerId: "miraculous-medal-prayer"
bibleVerses:
  - "Genesis 3:15"
  - "Luke 1:26-38"
  - "John 19:25–27"
  - "Revelation 12:1-17"
colors: ["blue", "white", "gold"]
downloadFormats:
  - svg: "./our-lady-of-grace.svg"
  - pdf: "./8count-2.5in-wide_clear_halo.pdf"
  - pdf_colorized: "./8count-2.5in-wide-colorized.pdf"
  - docx: "./2.5in_wide_clear_halo.docx"
  - docx_colorized: "./8count-2.5in-wide-colorized.docx"
  - png: "./clear-bg-colorized-clear-halos.png"
  - png_alt: "./clear-bg-colorized.png"
previewImage: "./our-lady-of-grace.svg"
featured: true
dateAdded: "2025-01-18"
size: "2.5 inches wide"
printLayout: "8 per sheet"
---

import StickerDisplayFromFrontmatter from "@site/src/components/StickerDisplayFromFrontmatter";
import StickerPrayers from "@site/src/components/StickerPrayers";

# Our Lady of Grace with Christ Child

<StickerDisplayFromFrontmatter
  stickerId="mary/our-lady-of-grace"
  imagePath="./our-lady-of-grace.svg"
  basePath="mary"
/>

## About This Image

This image portrays a Christian reflection on Genesis 3:15:

> I will put enmity between you and the woman, and between your offspring and hers; they will strike at your head, while you strike at their heel.
>
> — Genesis 3:15 (NABRE)

Mary, the mother of Jesus, is shown with her foot upon the serpent, while the Christ Child places His foot upon hers. This composition symbolizes that the power conquering evil comes from Christ Himself, yet His Mother shares uniquely in that victory through her faithful cooperation with God's saving plan.

In Catholic tradition, this scene represents the fulfillment of God's first promise of redemption. Mary is called the New Eve because her obedient "yes" to God at the Annunciation reversed the disobedience of the first woman, Eve. By freely consenting to bear the Savior, she became the vessel through whom the Redeemer entered the world.

Catholics also speak of the Immaculate Conception—Mary's being preserved by God from original sin from the first moment of her existence. This grace prepared her to be a pure dwelling place for Christ and to share fully, though dependently, in His triumph over sin and death. Her victory is not her own: it is Christ's victory, which she participates in perfectly through His power and grace.

Together, the Mother and Child embody the fulfillment of God's promise: the serpent is crushed, evil is defeated, and humanity's story is renewed in Christ.

## Suggested Prayers While Cutting

<StickerPrayers
  prayerTypes={["marian"]}
  description="As you carefully cut out this sticker, consider praying these traditional Marian prayers:"
/>

## Sharing Ideas

- Give to expectant mothers as a blessing
- Share during Advent or Marian devotions
- Use in religious education about Mary's special role
- Include with prayers for protection and purity
